VAULT-39930 Add certificate counters to license usage reporting (#1147)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/docs/license/utilization/auto-reporting.mdx

Automated license utilization reporting sends license utilization data to
HashiCorp without requiring you to manually collect and report them.

Automated reporting shares the minimum data required to validate license utilization
as defined in our contracts. They consist of mostly computed metrics and will never
contain Personal Identifiable Information (PII) or other sensitive information.
As of Vault 1.21+, the metrics include counters related to the number of:

- [Vault clients](../../concepts/client-count/counting)

> - Certificates issued by Vault's built-in PKI secrets engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The number of certificates issued by the PKI secrets engine.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives

Automated reporting shares the data with HashiCorp using a secure, unidirectional
HTTPS API and makes an auditable record in the product logs each time it submits

> a report. The reporting process submits reports roughly once every 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated reporting writes to your Vault logs every time it submits a
report and shares the report data with HashiCorp using a secure,
unidirectional HTTPS API call. The reporting process submits reports
roughly once every 24 hours.
```
Reordered the sentence to bring the pronoun and proper noun closer together in the sentence

- `export_timestamp`- The date and time for this contribution
- `snapshots` - An array of snapshot details. A snapshot is a structure that
  represents a single data collection
  - `snapshot_version` - The version of the snapshot package that produced this
    snapshot

>   - `snapshot_id` - A unique identifier for this particular snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `snapshot_id` - A unique identifier for the generated snapshot
```

  - `process_id` - An identifier for the system that produced this snapshot

>   - `timestamp` - The date and time for this snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `timestamp` - The date and time for the generated snapshot
```

>   - `timestamp` - The date and time for this snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `timestamp` - The date and time for the generated snapshot.
```

  - `schema_version` - The version of the schema associated with this snapshot
  - `service` - The service that produced this snapshot (likely to be product

>     name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `service` - Name of the service that produced the generated snapshot.
    Typically the same as the product name.
```

  - `metrics` - A map of representations of snapshot metrics contained within
    this snapshot

>     - `key` - The key name associated with this metric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `key` - The key name associated with the metric entry.
```

    - `kind` - The kind of metric (feature, counter, sum, or mean)
    - `mode` - The mode of operation associated with this metric (write or
      collect)

>     - `labels` - The labels associated with each collected metric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `labels` - The labels associated with each collected metric.
```

      - `entity` - The sum of tokens generated for a unique client identifier
      - `nonentity` - The sum of tokens without an entity attached
  - `metadata` - Optional product-specific metadata

>     - `billing_start` - The billing start date associated with the reporting cluster (license start date if not configured).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `billing_start` - The billing start date associated with the reporting
      cluster or the license start date if you do not have a billing date configured.
```
